How to setup VM:

0) Look at the Makefile and review the values of EMACS, INFODIR,
   LISPDIR, BINDIR and PIXMAPDIR.  If they are not right for your
   system, change them.

1) Your build options:
     `make' to build a usable VM.
     `make vm.info' to build the Info online help document.
     'make utils' to compile the external Quoted-Printable and
         BASE64 encoders and decoders.
     `make all' to make everything.
   If there are byte compiler warnings, ignore them.  They
   probably can't be avoided with code that is run on multipe
   Emacs versions.

2) Put all the .elc files into a Lisp directory that is in your
   Emacs load-path.  If you've already set LISPDIR to this
   directory, just `make install'.

3) If you're using XEmacs or Emacs 21 and you want toolbar
   support, make a directory called `vm' in the XEmacs `etc'
   directory.  Copy the files in pixmaps directory into the
   directory you just created.  VM will look for the pixmaps
   there by default.

   Alternately you can put the pixmap files in any directory you
   want or just leave them where they are.  Be sure to point the
   variables vm-toolbar-pixmap-directory and vm-image-directory at
   the direrctory where you put the files.  That is

      (setq vm-toolbar-pixmap-directory "/path/to/pixmaps")
      (setq vm-image-directory "/path/to/pixmaps")

   in your .emacs or .vm file.  If you've set PIXMAPDIR, 'make
   install' will copy the files to that directory.

4) If you built the Info document, copy the file vm.info* files
   into the Emacs' info.  ('make install' will do this for you if
   you've set INFODIR). You may need to edit the "dir" file in
   that directory and add a menu entry for VM.  It should look
   like this:

* VM:: (vm)		A mail reader.

5) Put these lines in your .emacs file if they aren't there
   already:

   (autoload 'vm "vm" "Start VM on your primary inbox." t)
   (autoload 'vm-other-frame "vm" "Like `vm' but starts in another frame." t)
   (autoload 'vm-visit-folder "vm" "Start VM on an arbitrary folder." t)
   (autoload 'vm-visit-virtual-folder "vm" "Visit a VM virtual folder." t)
   (autoload 'vm-mode "vm" "Run VM major mode on a buffer" t)
   (autoload 'vm-mail "vm" "Send a mail message using VM." t)
   (autoload 'vm-submit-bug-report "vm" "Send a bug report about VM." t)

You're now ready to use VM.  C-h i should start up the Emacs Info
system and if you've installed the Info document properly you can
use the online documentation to teach yourself how to use VM.

Please use M-x vm-submit-bug-report to report bugs.  The bug report
will be sent to bug-vm@uunet.uu.net and be gatewayed from there to
gnu.emacs.vm.bug.

VM's home page on the World Wide Web is at http://www.wonderworks.com/vm .
You can get the latest version of VM from there.
